Now before we start getting doing actual
dependency injection, what we need to
talk about is the Spring Application
Context. So you saw this in action
already a little bit where we are
bringing up Spring and it is creating
Spring Beans and those all get stored in
something called the Application Context.
So you can get literally hundreds of
Spring Beans of thousands sometimes
Spring Beans loaded up into the
Application Context and this is where
Spring does all its work of keeping
track of the dependencies of what it
needs to create first and how it needs
to be created, where it's going to get it
from so what we're going to do in this
I'm going to do a very simple
demonstration of creating a Spring Bean
we're going to put it up into the
Application Context by default when it
starts up, Spring is going to go out
find the beans that it needs to wire up
and it's going to find our bean and
it'll get an instance of that into the
Application Context and then what we're
going to do this we're going to ask Spring
for an instance of that from the context.
We're going to do a little hello world
demonstration here and we'll get a hold
of that bean and from the context and
run a hello world on it. Alright to give
you a little bit more of a demo of the
spring context what we're going to do is
create a New Package here and create a
mock controller inside of it. So I'm
going to give the package a name of
controllers and in it I'm going to
create a New Class. I'm just going to
call it MyController. Now go ahead
add that to Git. I'm going to
annotate it as a Controller so that's
going to make it a Spring Component
which will be managed by the
spring-context. So when Spring
starts up he'll get a handle on this
because it's marked as a Spring Component and it will create an instance of
it and put that instance into the spring-context so I'm going to add a method to
this as well.
So I'm just going to have a same single
method hello and it's going to print out
to the console. I'll print Hello. So let's
come over here now and we will get all
of this. So now I'm saying ApplicationContext and the run method is going to
return back an ApplicationContext for
us to work with. So now what I want to do
is could take that context and get a
hold of bean. Now by default, what
Spring is going to do is it's going to go
ahead and create that as a Spring Bean
and it's going to give it a name of the
class name but with a leading lowercase
character so rather than uppercase MyController it becomes lowercase "m" myController
and because the context getBean is not strongly typed we do have to
cast it so I'm going to go ahead and run
this now and we should get a Hello. Some
return statement, my bad. Let's try
that one more time and we can see down
in the bottom of the screen where I
could get the output of Hello there from
my bean so just to recap what's going
back just so you understand everything.
So I created a MyController class and
marked it as a Controller that created
it as a Spring Bean or indicated that's
the Spring Bean and when I started up
the application I loaded up the context,
I got a handle on the context from the
Spring Application run and then I asked
the context to give me a bean called myController
out of context and then I
called that method on there of hello so
that all got wired up for us so when we
ran and came up, fell through
here and now it's behaving a little bit
differently because this is not a web
application, we're not starting up Tomcat
or anything so it's going to start to go
through the main method and
so you can see that down at the bottom
there, bottom of the screen that the program did terminate normally. Now you
can see what happened there is we did
ask the context for the bean, we got an
instance of that bean, so you noticed
that I did not do it new anywhere in
there I did not create that Java class
that didn't create an instantiation of
it that was all managed by the Spring
Framework so that bean got created
by the Spring Framework and then we
asked the context which is going to be
holding a reference to that bean and it
gave us a reference to that bean then
we're able to call the method on and get
the output to the console for our little
HelloWorld demonstration.